docs/descriptor.rst, before:

``fh_descriptor*``
##################

Descriptor about given object

The definition is

.. code-block:: c

   enum fh_object_type {
     FH_TYPE_NORMAL, /* Just ordinary object */
     FH_TYPE_ARRAY,  /* Array type */
   };
   
   enum fh_reference_strength {
     FH_REF_STRONG
   };
   
   typedef struct {
     const char* name;
     size_t offset;
     const char* dataType;
     enum fh_reference_strength strength;
   } fh_descriptor_field;
   
   typedef struct {
     size_t size;
     size_t alignment;
     
     @Nullable // Null for ``fh_descriptor_get_param`` return value
     fh_descriptor_field fields*;
     
     // Called somewhere in the future after
     // losing last reference.
     // objData is given as direct access
     // read only but references still cant
     // be read even if its allowed it adds
     // complexities to ensure its valid
     @Nullable
     fh_finalizer finalizer;
   } fh_descriptor_param;

For convenience following macro must present
.. code-block:: c

   #define FH_FIELD(type, member, _dataType, refStrength) \
    { \
      .name = #member, \
      .offset = offsetof(type, member), \
      .dataType = (_dataType), \
      .strength = (refStrength) \
    }
   #define FH_FIELD_END() {.name = NULL}

Descriptor Names
****************
Descriptor names (e.g. ``net.hostname.app.Test``) follows Java constructs
Names under ``fox.fluffyheap.*`` are reserved

Ungettable names are ``fox.fluffyheap.marker.*`` these merely serves as marker
for certain usages and cannot be get via `fh_get_descriptor`_ 

Packages seperated by dot
Regex of valid descriptor name parts ``[a-zA-Z_$][a-zA-Z0-9_$.]*``
Examples
  ``test.test.Class`` is valid
  ``09test`` is not
  ``hello.hi.UwU`` is valid
  ``Hello`` is valid

Markers
*******
``fox.fluffyheap.marker.Any`` - Essentially like ``void*`` program can assign any 
                                object in field with this type

Functions
#########

+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| Return value             | Function name                                                                                 | Link                     |
+==========================+===============================================================================================+==========================+
| int                      | fh_define_descriptor(const char* name, fh_descriptor_param* parameter, bool dontInvokeLoader) | `fh_define_descriptor`_  |
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| @Nullable fh_descriptor* | fh_get_descriptor(const char* name, bool dontInvokeLoader)                                    | `fh_get_descriptor`_     |
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| void                     | fh_release_descriptor(@Nullable fh_descriptor* desc)                                          | `fh_release_descriptor`_ |
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

``fh_define_descriptor`` and ``fh_get_descriptor`` only valid for object
descriptor not array as array differ.

Creation of array using descriptors is illegal please use
appropriate array constructors.

Methods
#######

+--------------------------------+----------------------------------------------+----------------------------+
| Return value                   | Method name                                  | Link                       |
+================================+==============================================+============================+
| @ReadOnly fh_descriptor_param* | fh_descriptor_get_param(fh_descriptor* self) | `fh_descriptor_get_param`_ |
+--------------------------------+----------------------------------------------+----------------------------+

Function details
################

fh_define_descriptor
********************
.. code-block:: c

   int fh_define_descriptor(const char* name, fh_descriptor_param* parameter, bool dontInvokeLoader)

Define a descriptor named "name" and acquire it (to prevent being GC-ed). Must be
able handle circular references

Since
=====
Version 0.1

Parameters
==========
  ``name`` - Name for the descriptor (follows Java convention like ``lua.lang.Table`` for example)
  ``parameter`` - Other parameters describing the layout and requirements
  ``dontInvokeLoader`` - Whether to invoke loader or not

Return
======
0 on success 
Error:
  -ENOMEM: Not enough memory
  -EEXIST: Already defined

Tags
=====
GC-Safepoint GC-May-Invoke Need-Valid-Context

fh_get_descriptor
********************
.. code-block:: c

   @Nullable
   fh_descriptor* fh_get_descriptor(const char* name, bool dontInvokeLoader)

Get a descriptor named "name" or call application
defined hook to load if not present and acquire it
(to prevent being GC-ed). Calling application hook
can recurse forever and its valid so application
must ensure there no recursing

There few requirements:
1. Must return non NULL descriptor for markers which must be unusable (serve as checking 
   whether marker exist or not but cannot be used to create new objects)
2. Must not call app loader for ``fox.fluffyheap.*`` regardless ``dontInvokeLoader``
   as these reserved by specification and may get added or removed, and may be treated
   differently than normal descriptors thus it don't make any sense for app loader to
   load them

Since
=====
Version 0.1

Parameters
==========
  ``name`` - Name for the descriptor (follows Java convention like ``lua.lang.Table`` for example)
  ``dontInvokeLoader`` - Whether to invoke or not invoke app's loader possibly for avoiding recursion

Return
======
The descriptor

Tags
=====
GC-Safepoint GC-May-Invoke Need-Valid-Context May-Block

fh_release_descriptor
*********************
.. code-block:: c

   void fh_release_descriptor(@Nullable fh_descriptor* self)

Release the descriptor so it can be GC-ed. After this
call usage of ``self`` considering undefined beahaviour.
or do nothing if ``self`` is NULL. 

Since
=====
Version 0.1

Parameters
==========
  ``self`` - Descriptor to release

Tags
=====
GC-Safepoint Need-Valid-Context

Method details
##############

fh_descriptor_get_param
***********************
.. code-block:: c

   const fh_descriptor_param* fh_descriptor_get_param(fh_descriptor* self)

Gets read only parameter for the ``self`` descriptor. The ``fields``
field will be NULL as it retrieved via different method

Since
=====
Version 0.1

Parameters
==========
  ``self`` - Descriptor to retrieve parameter from

Return value
============
The requested parameters read only

Tags
=====
GC-Safepoint Need-Valid-Context

Commit message:

Preparing for descriptor GC-ing

docs/descriptor.rst, after:

``fh_descriptor*``
##################

Descriptor about given object

The definition is

.. code-block:: c

   enum fh_object_type {
     FH_TYPE_NORMAL, /* Just ordinary object */
     FH_TYPE_ARRAY,  /* Array type */
   };
   
   enum fh_reference_strength {
     FH_REF_STRONG
   };
   
   typedef struct {
     const char* name;
     size_t offset;
     const char* dataType;
     enum fh_reference_strength strength;
   } fh_descriptor_field;
   
   typedef struct {
     size_t size;
     size_t alignment;
     
     @Nullable // Null for ``fh_descriptor_get_param`` return value
     fh_descriptor_field fields*;
     
     // Called somewhere in the future after
     // losing last reference.
     // objData is given as direct access
     // read only but references still cant
     // be read even if its allowed it adds
     // complexities to ensure its valid
     @Nullable
     fh_finalizer finalizer;
   } fh_descriptor_param;

For convenience following macro must present
.. code-block:: c

   #define FH_FIELD(type, member, _dataType, refStrength) \
    { \
      .name = #member, \
      .offset = offsetof(type, member), \
      .dataType = (_dataType), \
      .strength = (refStrength) \
    }
   #define FH_FIELD_END() {.name = NULL}

Descriptor Names
****************
Descriptor names (e.g. ``net.hostname.app.Test``) follows Java constructs
Names under ``fox.fluffyheap.*`` are reserved

Ungettable names are ``fox.fluffyheap.marker.*`` these merely serves as marker
for certain usages and cannot be get via `fh_get_descriptor`_ 

Packages seperated by dot
Regex of valid descriptor name parts ``[a-zA-Z_$][a-zA-Z0-9_$.]*``
Examples
  ``test.test.Class`` is valid
  ``09test`` is not
  ``hello.hi.UwU`` is valid
  ``Hello`` is valid

Markers
*******
``fox.fluffyheap.marker.Any`` - Essentially like ``void*`` program can assign any 
                                object in field with this type

Functions
#########

+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| Return value             | Function name                                                                                 | Link                     |
+==========================+===============================================================================================+==========================+
| int                      | fh_define_descriptor(const char* name, fh_descriptor_param* parameter, bool dontInvokeLoader) | `fh_define_descriptor`_  |
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| @Nullable fh_descriptor* | fh_get_descriptor(const char* name, bool dontInvokeLoader)                                    | `fh_get_descriptor`_     |
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| void                     | fh_release_descriptor(@Nullable fh_descriptor* desc)                                          | `fh_release_descriptor`_ |
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

``fh_define_descriptor`` and ``fh_get_descriptor`` only valid for object
descriptor not array as array differ.

Creation of array using descriptors is illegal please use
appropriate array constructors.

Methods
#######

+--------------------------------+----------------------------------------------+----------------------------+
| Return value                   | Method name                                  | Link                       |
+================================+==============================================+============================+
| @ReadOnly fh_descriptor_param* | fh_descriptor_get_param(fh_descriptor* self) | `fh_descriptor_get_param`_ |
+--------------------------------+----------------------------------------------+----------------------------+

Function details
################

fh_define_descriptor
********************
.. code-block:: c

   int fh_define_descriptor(const char* name, fh_descriptor_param* parameter, bool dontInvokeLoader)

Define a descriptor named "name" and acquire it (to prevent being GC-ed). Must be
able handle circular references. The descriptor will stay alive until next get
descriptor call (which makes it now releaseable)

Since
=====
Version 0.1

Parameters
==========
  ``name`` - Name for the descriptor (follows Java convention like ``lua.lang.Table`` for example)
  ``parameter`` - Other parameters describing the layout and requirements
  ``dontInvokeLoader`` - Whether to invoke loader or not

Return
======
0 on success 
Error:
  -ENOMEM: Not enough memory
  -EEXIST: Already defined

Tags
=====
GC-Safepoint GC-May-Invoke Need-Valid-Context

fh_get_descriptor
********************
.. code-block:: c

   @Nullable
   fh_descriptor* fh_get_descriptor(const char* name, bool dontInvokeLoader)

Get a descriptor named "name" or call application
defined hook to load if not present and acquire it
(to prevent being GC-ed). Calling application hook
can recurse forever and its valid so application
must ensure there no recursing

There few requirements:
1. Must return non NULL descriptor for markers which must be unusable (serve as checking 
   whether marker exist or not but cannot be used to create new objects)
2. Must not call app loader for ``fox.fluffyheap.*`` regardless ``dontInvokeLoader``
   as these reserved by specification and may get added or removed, and may be treated
   differently than normal descriptors thus it don't make any sense for app loader to
   load them

Since
=====
Version 0.1

Parameters
==========
  ``name`` - Name for the descriptor (follows Java convention like ``lua.lang.Table`` for example)
  ``dontInvokeLoader`` - Whether to invoke or not invoke app's loader possibly for avoiding recursion

Return
======
The descriptor

Tags
=====
GC-Safepoint GC-May-Invoke Need-Valid-Context May-Block

fh_release_descriptor
*********************
.. code-block:: c

   void fh_release_descriptor(@Nullable fh_descriptor* self)

Release the descriptor so it can be GC-ed. After this
call usage of ``self`` considering undefined beahaviour.
or do nothing if ``self`` is NULL. 

Since
=====
Version 0.1

Parameters
==========
  ``self`` - Descriptor to release

Tags
=====
GC-Safepoint Need-Valid-Context

Method details
##############

fh_descriptor_get_param
***********************
.. code-block:: c

   const fh_descriptor_param* fh_descriptor_get_param(fh_descriptor* self)

Gets read only parameter for the ``self`` descriptor. The ``fields``
field will be NULL as it retrieved via different method

Since
=====
Version 0.1

Parameters
==========
  ``self`` - Descriptor to retrieve parameter from

Return value
============
The requested parameters read only

Tags
=====
GC-Safepoint Need-Valid-Context
